Updates for slot-filling (#190)
cisco/mindmeld: source/userguide/dm.rst

Automatic Slot Filling for Entities
-----------------------------------

> MindMeld provides a useful functionality for automatically prompting the user for missing entities or slots required to fulfill an intent. This is done via either applying the ``@app.auto_fill`` decorator to any dialogue state handler requiring entities to be obtained prior to applying the functionality defined within, or directly invoking a call to this feature at any point inside the handler.

Reviewer: this is pretty hard to read. maybe the two options should be bulleted list?

Automatic Slot Filling for Entities
-----------------------------------

> MindMeld provides a useful functionality for automatically prompting the user for missing entities or slots required to fulfill an intent. This can done via either:

Reviewer 2: can `be` done

> - Applying the ``@app.auto_fill`` decorator to any dialogue state handler or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Applying the ``@app.auto_fill`` decorator to any dialogue state handler
```

> - Directly invoking a slot-filling call inside a handler or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Directly invoking a slot-filling call inside a handler
```

> - Directly invoking a slot-filling call inside a handler or

Reviewer 2: Remove the `or` at the end of this line

        responder.reply(replies)

Subset forms and invoking slot-filling within in a dialogue handler
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To support dynamically iterating through a form, we suggest the use of subset forms. Consider a case in which the initial form fetches a certain set of entities, and the flow ahead depends on the values of those captured entities. This requires capturing of further entities based on those values. For this, we recommend using subset forms.

Take into consideration the previous example. Now, instead of a single pass form to capture all entities, say we want to check whether the account from which money is withdrawn is a savings account or not. If yes, then continue to fetch the other entities (using ``form_transfermoney_2``), otherwise send appropriate response.

.. code:: python

    from mindmeld.components.dialogue import AutoEntityFilling
    from mindmeld.core import FormEntity

    form_transfermoney_1 = {
        'entities':[
            FormEntity(
                entity='account_type',
                role='account_from',
                responses=['Sure. Transfer from which account?']
                ),

>             ]

Reviewer 3: There are no exit keys and exit msg in form 1?

Author: That's an optional param.

Reviewer 3: Probably for completeness we should add them to avoid confusion on the side of the developer

.. code:: python

    @app.handle(intent="check_balances")
    def check_balance(request, responder):
        user = User(request) # fetch user information
        responder.frame['user'] = user
        AutoEntityFilling(handler=check_balance_followup_handler, form=balance_form, app=app).invoke(request, responder)

    def check_balance_followup_handler(request, responder):
        user = responder.frame['user']

        if request.entities:
            for entity in request.entities:
                if entity["type"] == "account_type":
                    responder.slots["account"] = entity["value"][0]["cname"]
                    responder.slots["amount"] = user.get(responder.slots["account"])
                    responder.reply(
                        "Your {account} account balance is ${amount:.2f}"
                    )

.. note::
   
    * The order of entities provided in the ``entities`` list in the form is important as the slots will be prompted in that order. 
    .. |br|

    * All entities that are required by the slot-filling form for an intent should be covered through example queries in the training files for that intent.
    .. |br|    
   

>     * For better training the entity recognizer corresponding to the slot-filling intent, a separate training file ``train_label_set`` covering examples of the entities to be captured by the form can be defined. You can find more details about defining this file and modifying the entity recognizer `here <https://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/entity_recognizer.html>`_. This also allows intent and domain classifiers to be trained independently of such queries and learn appropriate context.

Reviewer 3: You should use `::doc::` directive when you reference an internal link

                   "{account_from} to a {account_to}. Is that right?"]
        responder.reply(replies)

> Subset forms and invoking slot-filling within in a dialogue handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subset forms and invoking slot-filling within a dialogue handler
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To support dynamically iterating through a form, we suggest the use of subset forms. Consider a case in which the initial form fetches a certain set of entities, and the flow ahead depends on the values of those captured entities. This requires capturing of further entities based on those values. For this, we recommend using subset forms.

Reviewer: why call these "subset forms"? it sounds to me like it would mean a form that only has a subset of the entities in another form. "subform" would work better.

Author: That's a great suggestion. I updated this and addressed your other comments too! @serapio

                   "{account_from} to a {account_to}. Is that right?"]
        responder.reply(replies)

Subforms and invoking slot-filling within a dialogue handler
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To support dynamic iteration through a form, we suggest the use of additional subforms or follow-up forms. Consider a case in which the initial form fetches a certain set of entities, and the flow ahead depends on the values of those captured entities. This requires capturing of further entities based on those values. For this, we recommend using further subforms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more complex interactions (such as dynamic iteration through a form), we can use additional subforms or follow-up forms. Consider a case in which the initial form fetches a certain set of entities, and the flow ahead depends on the values of those captured entities. This requires the capturing of further entities based on those values.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: For symmetry, we should add:
```
**Examples**

> Take into consideration the previous example. Now, instead of a single pass form to capture all entities, say we want to check whether the account from which money is withdrawn is a savings account or not. If yes, then continue to fetch the other entities (using follow-up form ``form_transfermoney_2``), otherwise send appropriate response.

Reviewer 3: Let's consider the previous example.
```suggestion
Let's consider the previous example. Now, instead of a single pass form to capture all entities, suppose we want to check whether the account from which money is withdrawn is a savings account or not. If yes, then continue to fetch the other entities (using follow-up form ``form_transfermoney_2``), otherwise, send an appropriate response.
```

.. code:: python

    from mindmeld.components.dialogue import AutoEntityFilling
    from mindmeld.core import FormEntity

    form_transfermoney_1 = {
        'entities':[
            FormEntity(
                entity='account_type',
                role='account_from',
                responses=['Sure. Transfer from which account?']

>                 ),

Reviewer 3: hints=['checking', 'checkings']

Author: No, this one is without any hints. The check happens inside the dialogue handler for 'savings', if you go through the flow.

            ],
        'max_retries': 2,
        'exit_keys': ['cancel', 'quit', 'exit'],
        'exit_msg': "Sorry I cannot help you with this transfer. Please try again."
        }

    form_transfermoney_2 = {
        'entities':[
            FormEntity(
                entity='account_type',
                role='account_to',
                responses=['To which account?'],
                retry_response=["That account is not correct. Transfer to which account?"]

>                 hints=['checking', 'checkings']

Reviewer 3: remove checking?

                ),
            FormEntity(
                entity='sys_amount-of-money',
                responses=['And, how much do you want to transfer?'], 
                ),
            ],
        'max_retries': 1,
        'exit_keys': ['cancel', 'quit', 'exit'],
        'exit_msg': "Sorry I cannot help you with this transfer. Please try again."
        }

    @app.auto_fill(intent="transfer_money", form=form_transfermoney_1)
    def transfer_money_handler(request, responder):

>         account = next((e['value'][0]['cname'] for e in request.entities if e['type'] == 'account_type'), None)

Reviewer 3: we should add a doc to explain this function

Author: Done

        if account == 'savings':
            responder.frame['account_from'] = account
            AutoEntityFilling(handler=transfer_money_followup_handler, form=form_transfermoney_2, app=app).invoke(request, responder)
        else:
            responder.reply('Sorry, you can only transfer money from a savings account.')

>     def transfer_money_followup_handler(request, responder):

Reviewer 3: same here

        for entity in request.entities:
            if entity['type'] == 'account_type':
                if entity['role'] == 'account_to':
                    responder.slots['account_to'] = entity['value'][0]['cname']
            else:
                responder.slots['amount'] = entity['value'][0]['value']

        responder.slots['account_from'] = responder.frame['account_from']
        replies = ["All right. So, you're transferring {amount} from your "
               "{account_from} to a {account_to}. Is that right?"]
        responder.reply(replies)

Alternatively, the standalone call to this feature can be called independently of the auto_fill decorated handler as well. Consider the following use-case to check account balance:

.. code:: python

    @app.handle(intent="check_balances")
    def check_balance(request, responder):
        user = User(request) # fetch user information
        responder.frame['user'] = user

>         AutoEntityFilling(handler=check_balance_followup_handler, form=balance_form, app=app).invoke(request, responder)

Reviewer 3: do we define balance_form anywhere?
